---
title: "February 24"
description: Release Notes
---

> In this section, you will find reference of new StackSpot features & relevant changes in the documentation.

## **Features**

### **What's new?**

- New documentation menu. There are a [**new Create and Use Content section update**](/en/create-use/), the former Guides section was reorganized into the following ones:

In Create Content:

- [**Plugin**](/en/create-use/create-content/plugin/plugins)
- [**Stack**](/en/create-use/create-content/stack/stacks)
- [**Action**](/en/create-use/create-content/action/actions)

In Use Content:

- [**Application**](/en/create-use/use-content/application/)
- [**Infrastructure**](/en/create-use/use-content/infra/)

- [**New Examples section**](/en/examples)

- With StackSpot, you can make a Plugin optional in the Starter, making it impossible to publish a Stack with an empty Starter (no Plugins). [**See more details on the Create Stack**](/en/create-use/create-content/stack/create-stack) and [**Create Starter**](/en/create-use/create-content/stack/create-starter) pages to find out more.


#### **STK CLI**

- New manifestos added:
	- [Stack.yaml](/en/create-use/create-content/yaml-files/stack-yaml)
	- [Starter.yaml](/en/create-use/create-content/yaml-files/starter-yaml)

- [Added new **.stkignore** file to ignore publishing files in your StackSpot project. It does not affect the versioning in the Git files](/en/create-use/create-content/yaml-files/stkignore).

- [Added new StackSpot inputs. They are variables used in your Plugins](/en/create-use/create-content/plugin/create-plugin).

- [New **`stk notify`** command. It improves the experience of making new deployments without StackSpot Runtime](/en/home/stk-cli/commands/general-commands#stk-notify).

- [New **`--output`** and **`--only-code`** flags to the **`stk ai`** command. Now you can get a prompt code without comments and save them in a file](/en/home/stk-cli/commands/general-commands).

## **Fixes and changes**

- **The StackSpot Portal has been improved for better usability**: Changes include moving buttons and sections in Studios, Workspaces, and Account.

- [Runtime role update to configure an AWS account in your Workspace and deprecate the former role](/en/home/workspace/config-cloud-account)..
