---
title: "December 23"
description: Release Notes
category:
  - Release Notes
---

> In this section, you will find reference of new StackSpot features & relevant changes in the documentation.

## **Features**

### **What's new?**

- **A new way of documenting content in StackSpot:** A new feature allows users to publish and update documentation of the content (Plugin, Stack, Action) they have created via the STK CLI. There are [**Markdown writing rules**](/en/create-use/studio/documentation) for creating documentation, which you can see on the StackSpot Platform.
    - The old documentation folders are now centralized in a single document with a Portuguese version **(docs/pt-br)** and an English version **(docs/en-us)**.

For more information, see the [**stk update doc command**](/en/home/stk-cli/commands/general-commands/#stk-update-doc).

- **New STK CLI commands:**
    - [**Create Stack**](/en/home/stk-cli/commands/stack-commands/#stk-create-stack) and [**Starter**](/en/home/stk-cli/commands/starter-commands/#stk-create-starter) via STK CLI.
    - Validate them using [**stk validate stack**](/en/home/stk-cli/commands/stack-commands) or [**stk validate starter**](/en/home/stk-cli/commands/starter-commands).
    - [**Publish your Stack**](/en/home/stk-cli/commands/stack-commands/#stk-publish-stack).

For more information, see how to [**create, validate and publish Stack/Starter via STK CLI]**(/en/create-use/create-content/stack/create-stack-starter-cli.md).

- **FAQ about Search Engine in StackSpot:** Get to know StackSpot's new Search Engine. It's a tool that allows you to search for the content you want on the Platform objectively, using semantic searches.
The system uses artificial intelligence to extract the context of your search and group information together, even if the results differ from what you searched for.
For more information, see the [**FAQ**](/en/faq#How-does-the-Search-Engine-work-on-the-StackSpot-Platform?).

- **Search Engine 403 error** added to [**Troubleshooting**](/en/home/troubleshooting)
- New semantic versioning. StackSpot uses [**SemVer**](https://devhints.io/semver). You can choose a specific version and a range for [**Action**](/en/create-use/create-content/action/add-action-stack) and [**Plugins**](/en/create-use/create-content/plugin/plugin-version). You can also define a range on [**Stack**](/en/create-use/create-content/stack/create-stack) and [**Starter**](/en/create-use/create-content/stack/create-starter).

- New [**stk list studio**](/en/home/stk-cli/commands/general-commands) command. List all your account Studios on your terminal.

- Execute Actions from a Stack when you apply a Plugin in an Application or Infrastructure using a new Declarative Hook: [**`run-action`**](/en/create-use/create-content/declarative-hooks/run-action-hook).

- Added Actions on the [**Plugin's requires field**](/en/create-use/create-content/yaml-files/plugin-yaml#specrequiresactions).

<!----- There was a limit increase from 35 to 60 characters to name the components and content like Action, Stack, Starter, Plugin, Action, Studio, etc.-->

- Personal accounts now can deploy an Application or an Infrastructure with StackSpot, but the [**deploy limit is 10 Plugins per Application**](/en/deployment/runtime-engine/app-deployment) or [**10 execution per hour**](/en/deployment/runtime-engine/deploy-infra).

- You can configure your Azure cloud account on StackSpot. [**Follow the steps on the guide**](/en/home/workspace/config-cloud-account-azure).

- [**New Connection Interfaces Types**](/en/create-use/connections/connection-interface)  
There are six new Connection Interfaces Types contracts and output available.

## **Fixes or changes**

- Updates on **Event History**: The journey of generating the Event History file in StackSpot's EDP Platform has been changed. The documentation has also changed. For more information, see the [**Event History section**](/en/home/account/organization/event-history).

- **Dynamic Links:** Content creators can generate links that automatically adjust to an application's parameters. With [**Dynamic Links**](/en/create-use/create-content/plugin/dynamic-links) you can reference URLs through the outputs of connections.