---
title: "October 23"
description: Release Notes
---

> In this section, you will find reference of new StackSpot features & relevant changes in the documentation.

## **Features**

### **What's new?**

- [**New Connection Interfaces Types**](/en/create-use/connections/connection-interface)

There are nine new Connection Interfaces Types contracts and output available.

- [**You can now use new technologies in a Plugin**](/en/create-use/create-content/yaml-files/plugin-yaml): You can now use 24 new technologies in a **`plugin.yaml`**. You can see all of it in the list.

- New rules and possibilities to apply Plugin
There are new **`plugin.yaml`** attributes. See what you can do with each:

1. You can apply a Plugin once in an Application or Infrastructure.
2. You can use a Plugin in projects already created with StackSpot.
3. Choose if another will require a Plugin.

See more details on the [**Optional Attributes section**](/en/create-use/create-content/yaml-files/plugin-yaml).

- New [**self-hosted Runtime**](/en/deployment/runtime-engine/self-hosted-runtime).

### **Changes**

- Fixes on the [**`containsAny`condition**](/en/create-use/create-content/yaml-files/inputs) in the plugin.yaml input: [see more details].
- Updates in the [**create app e infra command**](/en/home/stk-cli/commands/application-commands#stk-create-app). There are new interactive modes, and you can choose the Stack version with the **`- - starter, -s`** option.
- [**New `single-use`**](/en/create-use/create-content/yaml-files/plugin-yaml) option for the plugin.yaml. It allows limit when applying a Plugin in an Application or Infrastructure.
- New Jinja filters: [**regex_replace e from_json**](/en/create-use/create-content/yaml-files/jinja).
- Added new [**MacOS installation warning**](/en/home/stk-cli/install#execute-the-installer).
- Added [**new Plugin dependency with the new semantic version with range in required Plugins**](/en/create-use/create-content/yaml-files/plugin-yaml#specrequiresplugins).
- Action review on the SCM setup and [**new GitLab provider**](home/account/guides/scm-integration/gitlab).
- Fix on the [**`inputs-envs` field**](/en/create-use/create-content/yaml-files/plugin-yaml). It was updated with new schema.

### **Documentation Changes**

- [**New Examples section**](/en/examples), you can see and follow the steps to create and use content on StackSpot.
- New [**Account**](/en/home/account) and [**Workspace**](/en/home/workspace) sections.