---
title: "August 24"
description: Release Notes
---

> In this section, you will find reference of new StackSpot features & relevant changes in the documentation.

<br/>

## **Features**

### **Usage Insights**

View the usage of Plugins, Stacks and Starters in your Applications and Infrastructures. Access data on versions, linked content, Workspaces where the versions are in use and those where they are no longer utilized, and more.

For more details, see the sections below.

- [**View Plugins usage**](/en/create-use/create-content/plugin/usage-plugin)
- [**View Stacks usage**](/en/create-use/create-content/stack/usage-stack)

### **Possibility to Configure Context for Complex Inputs**
 
You can now configure Context for **`required-connection`**, **`list`**, and **`object`** input types.

Check out more details in the following sections:

- [**Configure Account Context**](/en/home/account/organization/configure-context-account)
- [**Configure Workspace Context**](/en/home/workspace/stacks-and-context/setup-context)
- [**Inputs**](/en/create-use/create-content/yaml-files/inputs)

### **For Content Creators**

- **New Input Structure and Connection Interface:** You can now add the new input structure and the required Connection Interface in a new v3 manifest. For more details, see the sections:
    - [**Migrate v2 to v3**](/en/home/stk-cli/migrate-manifest)
    - New input types:
        - [**`list`**](/en/create-use/create-content/yaml-files/inputs)
        - [**`object`**](/en/create-use/create-content/yaml-files/inputs)
        - [**`required-connection`**](/en/create-use/create-content/yaml-files/inputs) (antigo spec.requires.connection)


- See the sections that have been changed:

- [**Create Plugin**](/en/create-use/create-content/plugin/create-plugin#usar-connections-interfaces)
- [**Create Actions**](/en/create-use/create-content/action/run-action)
- [**yaml files**](/en/create-use/create-content/yaml-files/intro-yaml)
- [**Advanced Inputs**](/en/create-use/create-content/yaml-files/advanced-inputs)
- [**Use Jinja**](/en/create-use/create-content/yaml-files/jinja)

:::caution

- v2 manifests still work normally, but the new inputs are only valid for v3.
- Currently, it is impossible to configure context for inputs of types **`list`**, **`object`**, and **`required-connection`**.

:::

## **STK CLI: v6.19.0** {#stk-cli-v6-19-0}

- New commands to register the deployment and destruction of an app outside StackSpot.
- Added the **`stk diff state`** command, which shows the differences between the current state of an app/infra and the last deploy performed;
- Added support for new input types: **`list`**, **`object`**, and **`required-connection`**;
- Bug fixes and internal improvements.

### **For Content Users**

- **New input screens in the Portal:** If you use the content to create Applications or Infrastructures, you will see new input screens in the Portal fields. For more details, see the sections:

    - [**How to create an Application in the Portal**](/en/create-use/use-content/application/create-app-portal)
    - [**How to create an Infrastructure in the Portal**](/en/create-use/use-content/infra/create-infra-portal)


### [**New `stk register-deploy` and `stk register-destroy` commands to track workflows**](/en/home/stk-cli/commands/application-commands)

You can now track the deploy and destroy workflows of Applications performed via pipeline on the StackSpot Platform.

For more details, see the sections:

- [**Register Application Deployment**](/en/deployment/deploy/register-app-deployment)
- [**Register Application Destruction**](/en/deployment/deploy/register-app-destroy) 


## **STK CLI: v6.18.0** {#stk-cli-v6-18-0}

- New input types: `list`, `object`, and `required-connection`.
- Migration guide to new schema v3 to support `required-connection` input usage.
- Added password input type updates.
- Deprecated label on old migration guides.
- Added complex examples of new inputs.
- Added `required-connection` example in the new migration guide (v3).
- Fixed examples with deprecated `text+items` usage (text list).
- New Application activity logging commands such as deploys and rollbacks.
- New command to delete Applications.

<br/>

