---
title: "January 24"
description: Release Notes
category:
  - Release Notes
---

> In this section, you will find reference of new StackSpot features & relevant changes in the documentation.

## **Features**

### **What's new?**

- New [**`stk show me`**](/en/home/stk-cli/commands/general-commands) command. It allows you to get your StackSpot Account's data on your terminal.

- New [**`stk`**](/en/create-use/create-content/plugin/create-plugin) variables. They work as input values and can have information about Account, Workspace, Studio, Stack, and others during the Plugin's usage or when creating Applications.

- **New Access Management model:** Policy-Based Access Control (PBAC), Attribute-Based Access Control (ABAC), and Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) are now used to create a powerful and flexible access control structure.

To learn more about the new access, role, and permission management model for StackSpot accounts, check out the [**Access Management section**](/en/home/account/organization/access-management/overview).

- **Access management migration guide:** StackSpot is in the process of **migrating** its access, role, and permission management model.

The new model will be implemented in all accounts by 01/26/2023.
To help you understand the changes, a **guide** has been created explaining the differences between the deprecated and current models.

## **Fixes and changes**

- The alias name when applying an Infrastructure Plugin can have 50 characters.

- New [**`action.yaml`**](/en/create-use/create-content/yaml-files/action-yaml) section. You will find all the fields and the configurations to be used in your Actions.

- Updates on how to publish Stacks via STK CLI. More details about requirements and new validation rules exist to publish a Stack. [**See more on the guide**](/en/create-use/create-content/stack/create-stack-starter-cli).

- Updates on the [**`plugin.yaml`**](/en/create-use/create-content/yaml-files/intro-yaml) file. There are new **`docs`** fields to create your Plugin documentation. The older ones were removed.