---
title: "June 24"
description: Release Notes
category:
  - Release Notes
---

> In this section, you will find reference of new StackSpot features & relevant changes in the documentation.

<br/>

## **Features**

- **New Workflow Configuration Method and Standard Workflow Creation:** The way to configure Workflows in the StackSpot Portal has changed. Now you can configure:

  - **Default Workflow** for the entire Account;
  - **Workflows for specific Stacks** that will not use the Account's default Workflow;

Additionally, you can create Workflows for the different processes within the Workspace, such as:

  - Create Application;
  - Create Infrastructure;
  - Create APIs.

Check the details on the following pages:

  - [**Configure Workflow**](/en/home/home/account/organization/workflow/configure-workflow)
  - [**Configure Workflow Context in the Stack within the Account**](/en/home/account/organization/workflow/configure-stack-context)
  - [**Configure Workflow Context in the Stack within the Workspace**](/en/home/workspace/configure-workflow)

- **Changing the version of content in the Stack**: You can now change the version of a Plugin and Action in an unpublished Stack without needing to unpublish the current version and publish it again. [**For more details, see the example**](/en/create-use/create-content/action/add-action-stack).

- **OTP Authentication on the StackSpot Portal**: Now, logging into the StackSpot Portal requires not only a password but also an authentication code generated by an OTP (one-time password) Authenticator. An OTP is a time-limited password automatically generated by systems like Google Authenticator.

This additional layer of authentication significantly boosts your Account's security.
[**For more details, see the OTP Authentication section.**](/en/home/account/guides/authentication/otp-authentication)

- **System for Cross-domain Identity Management API (SCIM)**: You can perform [**Access Management**](/en/home/account/organization/access-management/overview) activities within the StackSpot EDP Portal using the HTTP methods (GET, POST, PUT, PATCH, DELETE).

[**Check out details in the SCIM Provider API**](/en/home/account/organization/access-management/scim/scim-overview) section.

- **Deployment error visualization**: You can now inspect the error logs of a Plugin deployment in the StackSpot Portal. For Self-hosted users, this view will occur in the GitHub pipeline. Other users can access the logs in the Activities and Infrastructure sections, which are available in the Workspace. For more details, see the sections below:
    - [**Infrastructures page**](/en/deployment/manage/infrastructure)
    - [**View logs in Activities**](/en/deployment/manage/activities)
    - [**Monitor the status of the Self-Hosted deployment**](/en/deployment/deploy/self-hosted-runtime)

## **Fixes and Improvements**

- **Accessibility in documentation**: Add more accessibility rules to the documentation of content published on StackSpot. [**For more details, see the section**](/en/create-use/studio/documentation).

- **Recommendation for retries in Self-Hosted**: The partial retries of GitHub Actions Workflow in the Self-Hosted pipeline do not work. The recommendation is to retry the complete Workflow. [**For more details, see the section**](/en/deployment/deploy/self-hosted-runtime#enable-local-exec-no-terraform).

## **STK CLI: v6.16.0** {#stk-cli-v6-16-0}

<br/>

<!-- - Introduced new workflow Actions to enhance automation capabilities. -->
- Introduced the new [**`stk diff state`**](/en/home/stk-cli/commands/general-commands) command to compare deployment changes between environments.
- Updated the [**code-transformation**](/en/create-use/create-content/declarative-hooks/code-transformation/about-code-transformation) engine to version 0.2.0. This new version introduces support for **html**, **identifier match operators**, **strings**, and **snippet** scope.
- Enabled downloading Stack images using the **`--from`** parameter.
- Added new code responses to the published Plugin Action.
- Added a new "aborting" status to improve process management.
- Added validation for Stacks without Starters.
- Added the option to check all optional Plugins by default when creating an Application or Infrastructure.
- Validated Connection dependencies before removing the Plugin.
- Ensured Plugins with the same name did not appear during removal.
- Improved error handling for **`external items`**.
- Fixed issues related to mandatory context priority for workflow Actions.
- Fixed the default behavior of **`multiselect`** options.
- Fixed the confirmation process before destroying the Application or infrastructure.
- Removed **`picture`** parameter from initial **`plugin.yaml`**.
- Added support to select a Knowledge Source in [**stk ai**](home/stk-cli/commands/general-commands.md) command.
- Renamed **Shared Infrastructure** entity to **Infrastructure**.

## **STK CLI: v6.15.0** {#stk-cli-v6-15-0}

- Added new interactive mode for the **`stk show plugin`** command.
- Updated the **`stk show plugin`** command to search for the latest version.
- Fixed Multi Select, allowing blank values.
- Fixed the **`update plugin`** command to handle user cancellations properly.
- Fixed support for default values of select inputs.

## **STK CLI: v6.14.0** {#stk-cli-v6-14-0}

<br/>

> Update your STK CLI executing the  **`stk upgrade`** command

- You can list [**Plugins**](/en/home/stk-cli/commands/plugin-commands), [**Actions**](/en/home/stk-cli/commands/action-commands), [**Stacks**](/en/home/stk-cli/commands/stack-commands) and [**Starter**](/en/home/stk-cli/commands/starter-commands) in or outside a Workspace.
- You can [**Test Starters**](/en/create-use/create-content/stack/test-starter).

