---
title: "November 24"
description: Release Notes
---

> In this section, you will find: References to new StackSpot features & relevant documentation changes.

## **STK CLI: v6.24.0** {#stk-cli-v6-24-0}

In this update, the STK CLI introduces several new features:

- You can now use a specification file when applying Plugins. The **`--spec`** option has been added to the **`stk apply plugin`** command, allowing you to provide a YAML file with all the Plugin data, including inputs and connections the Plugin uses. [**For more information, see the specification file for Plugins, see the documentation on the spec file**](create-use/create-content/yaml-files/spec-file).

- [**New input type `textarea`**](create-use/create-content/yaml-files/inputs.md#textarea-input). This new input is similar to the **`text`** type but allows you to use longer texts without compromising the display of spaces and line breaks. This improvement enhances the experience of filling in inputs that require more structured values, such as code snippets.

- Improvement to the **`stk deploy plan`** command. The command now validates whether the selected or generated Connection Interfaces exist in the chosen environment and the StackSpot account being used. This improvement prevents developers from encountering unexpected errors related to unavailable Connection Interfaces in their environment or account.

- Update of the MacOS versions supported by the STK CLI. [**See the Installation page for the new MacOS versions supported by the STK CLI**](home/stk-cli/install).
