---
title: "December 24"
description: Release Notes
---

> In this section, you will find: References to new StackSpot features & relevant documentation changes.

## **Features** 

## **StackSpot EDP Portal new home page**

### **Explore the updates to the StackSpot EDP Portal home page:**

The home page has been redesigned to improve your experience! Now you can:

### **Keep your key items organized**
- Quickly access your Studios, Applications, and Workspaces.
- Use filters like **Favorites**, **Mine**, and **All** to find what you need faster.

### **Make the home page your own**
- Rearrange item groups to suit your preferences.
- Select which groups to display on the Home.

### **Enjoy quick access shortcuts**
- Easily find links to the CLI download, documentation, and support.

The **main menu** has also been improved for more intuitive navigation, making it easier to access features for developers and content creators.

[**Check how to use and customize your homepage**](/en/home/account/guides/config-homepage)

### **New StackSpot Account Portal**

The StackSpot account management now has a new domain: [**https://myaccount.stackspot.com**](https://myaccount.stackspot.com). This change aims to enhance the user experience by centralizing profile and organization settings in a more intuitive and organized environment.

#### **Key Changes:**

- **New Domain:** After logging into StackSpot EDP or AI, clicking on the profile picture will redirect the user to the new domain `myaccount.stackspot.com` in a new tab.
- **Simplified Sidebar Menu:** The menu has been reorganized to facilitate navigation, with two main items:

  1. **My Profile:** Displays information about the logged-in user, including:
    - Roles;
    - Permission Groups;
    - Accessible Resources.

  2. **Organization:** Displays organization settings, now organized into three categories:
    - **Products:** Specific settings for EDP, Cloud Service, and AI products.
    - **Identity & Security:** Includes SSO, Event History, and Service Credentials.
    - **Access Management:** Management of Users, Permission Groups, and Roles/Permissions.

#### **Documentation Impact:**

The documentation menu has been updated to reflect the new portal organization, ensuring consistency between the user interface and the available guides.

For more details about the changes, see the following sections:

- [**Profile Settings**](/en/home/account/profile/index);
- [**Organization Settings**](/en/home/account/organization/index).

