---
title: "October 24"
description: Release Notes
---

> In this section, you will find reference of new StackSpot features & relevant changes in the documentation.

<br/>

## **Features** 

### **Removal of Personal Account from the StackSpot Platform**

Access to the platform **via GitHub login (Personal Account)** has been discontinued. From now on, StackSpot EDP only offers access to Enterprise accounts.

[**For more information, see the section on how to configure and access an Enterprise account**](/en/home/account/intro-account)

### **New Connection Interface Type: `aws-vpc-endpoint-conn`**

A new **Connection Interface Type** for **VPC Endpoints** has been added: `aws-vpc-endpoint-conn`. This feature allows private connections between AWS services and resources in a VPC without requiring an Internet gateway.

#### **Key Field**s**:
- **`vpc_endpoint_id`**: The unique ID of the VPC Endpoint.
- **`vpc_endpoint_name`**: The name of the VPC Endpoint.
- **`dns_entry`**: The DNS entry associated with the VPC Endpoint.

[**For more details, see the Connection Interface type documentation**](/en/create-use/connections/connection-interface-type#aws-vpc-endpoint-conn)

### **Update Stack version** 

Now, you can update the version of a Stack in the Workspace via a button. By clicking on it, a new Stack version is made available for use in Workspace. See more details [**on this page**](/en/home/workspace/stacks-and-context/add-stacks). 

## **STK CLI: v6.21.0** {#stk-cli-v6-21-0}

- Added support for Java in the Code Transformation feature.
- Creating a Stack from another using a range is now possible.
- New commands for creating, listing, validating, publishing, and executing workflows in StackSpot;
- Added a new input type: **`generated-connection`**;
- Bug fixes and internal improvements.

## **STK CLI: v6.22.0** {#stk-cli-v6-22-0}

In this update, the STK CLI brought some new features:

- It is now possible to generate Terraform files for Infrastructure Plugins locally, using the Connections information from your Workspace. The **`--deploy`** option was added, which allows you to test what your Infrastructure Plugin will render. [**For more information on applying an Infrastructure Plugin, see the documentation**](/create-use/create-content/plugin/create-plugin#step-61-apply-infrastructure-plugin).

- Version break warnings were implemented for Actions and Plugins by adding the **`--studio`** parameter. This parameter receives the slug of the Studio (Studio registry name) where the content will be published and issues an alert if a version break occurs. The following commands received this parameter:    
  - [**`stk validate action`**](home/stk-cli/commands/plugin-commands)  
  - [**`stk validate plugin`**](home/stk-cli/commands/action-commands)  
