---
title: "March 24"
description: Release Notes
category:
  - Release Notes
---

> In this section, you will find reference of new StackSpot features & relevant changes in the documentation.

## **Features**

- **New Connection Interface Types contracts**: 4 Connection Interface Types contracts and outputs have been created. To see what they are, go to the [**Connection Interface page**](/en/create-use/connections/connection-interface).

- [**STK CLI Troubleshooting**](/en/home/troubleshooting): you can now see the main CLI errors and their solutions.

- [**Starter Test Update:**](/en/create-use/create-content/plugin/test-plugin) New addition to the StackSpot test tool. Now, in addition to Plugin testing, it is possible to create and execute unit tests for your Starters.

- [**New page with guides to use Plugins with requirements in your project:**](/en/create-use/create-content/plugin/plugin-requirements) New feature implemented and with more detailed content on how to use Plugins with requirements.

- **New commands for the STK CLI:**
  - [**stk config locale**](/en/home/stk-cli/commands/general-commands): new command to configure the language displayed by the STK CLI in your terminal.
  - [**stk show plugin**](/en/home/stk-cli/commands/plugin-commands): new command to detail information about a Plugin, such as name, description, inputs, actions, and connections used.

### **What's new?**

- **Update to the stk update app and stk update infra commands:** Now it is possible to update Application and Infrastructure information more simply. Check out more details on the respective command pages, [**stk update app**](/en/home/stk-cli/commands/application-commands) and [**stk update infra**](/en/home/stk-cli/commands/infraestructure-commands).

- [**Improvement of the stk remove plugin command:**](/en/home/stk-cli/commands/plugin-commands) Now, the removal of Plugins from an Infrastructure respects the rules of Plugins that depend on others. If you remove a Plugin that depends on another, the STK CLI will alert you.

- **Invite members to share content on the [**StackSpot AI Portal**](https://ai.stackspot.com/login)**: This new feature allows you to invite new members to join StackSpot directly from the platform. You can also invite other users to collaborate on the same account.
For more information on [**how to invite members to StackSpot AI, refer to the documentation**](https://ai.stackspot.com/docs/account/invite-members).

- **Rerun the Applications and Infrastructures creation Workflow in case of error**:
  Now, if an error occurs during your Application or Infrastructure creation in the Workspace, you can fix it and rerun the Workflow through the StackSpot Platform. Check details in the following sections:
    - [**Create Application**](/en/create-use/use-content/application/create-app-portal#error-when-creating-an-application);
    - [**Create Infrastructures**](/en/create-use/use-content/infra/infrastructure.md#error-when-creating-a-shared-infrastructure).


- **Automatic Context Update Feature:** If someone publishes a new version of the Stack added to your Account or Workspace, the **context must be configured again**. You can do this **automatically** by simply **importing the values from the Stack version** you had **previously configured**. Here's how to do it in the sections:
  - [**Configure Context in the Account**](/en/home/account/organization/configure-context-account)
  - [**Configure Context in the Workspace**](/en/home/workspace/stacks-and-context/add-stacks)


- **Creating Starters with an Infrastructure Plugin**: in addition to App Plugins, it is now possible to create Starters with Infrastructure Plugins. See more details [**on the Starters page**](/en/create-use/create-content/stack/create-starter).

- [**Ability to edit manually created Connection Interface parameters**](/en/create-use/connections/edit-manual-connection-interface): Now, you can edit the parameters of manual Connection Interfaces even after creating them.

- [**Ability to delete manually created Connection Interface**](/en/create-use/connections/remove-connection-interface): Now you can completely delete a Connection Interface you created manually.

- [**Ability to create a Shared Infra using an Infra Starter:**](/en/create-use/use-content/infra/infrastructure): There is now the possibility to [**create Infra Starters**](/en/create-use/create-content/stack/create-starter), so you can also use them to create Infrastructures.

## **STK CLI**

- Added type **`infra`** in [**starter.yaml file**](/en/create-use/create-content/yaml-files/starter-yaml).
- Added the ability to [**create Applications**](/en/create-use/use-content/application/create-app-local-starter) and [Infrastructures](create-use/use-content/infra/create-infra-local -starter.md) through a local Starter on your machine using the STK CLI.
- Review of the steps of [**creating the Stack and Starter using the STK CLI**](/en/create-use/create-content/stack/create-stack-starter-cli)

## **Fixes and changes**

- **SCM Access renamed to [**External Connections**](/en/home/account/profile/external-connections):**
  - The 'SCM Access' section has been renamed 'External Connections' for clarity and consistency.
  - You will find individual SCM-related configurations under the 'External Connections' section.
  
- **[**Personal Profile Token Configuration removal**](/en/home/account/profile/access-token):**
  - The configuration option for personal profile tokens within the **'Access Token'** section has been removed.

- Corrections in the descriptions of the flags for the creation commands of [**Stack, Plugin, Action, Application, and Infrastructure**](/en/home/stk-cli/commands/index).

- New **`local-exec`** parameter in Self-Hosted: The new **`local-exec`** parameter indicates, via **`true`** or **`false`**, whether Runtime Self-Hosted will be released for use.  See the [**feature page**](/en/deployment/deploy/self-hosted-runtime).

