---
title: "January 25"
description: Release Notes
---

> In this section, you will find: References to new StackSpot features & relevant documentation changes.

## **Features** 

## **Infrastructure Plugin Fork**

StackSpot EDP has introduced increased flexibility with the new Plugin Fork feature. With this feature, you can now create a copy of the files from an Infrastructure Plugin, enabling you to access and edit the Terraform files to integrate them into your projects.

The **"Fork"** mechanism for Plugins has been introduced. This mechanism allows you to create a copy of the Terraform files from Infrastructure Plugins.
- New commands have been added to utilize the Plugin Fork feature effectively.
    -  **`stk fork plugin`** and **`stk unfork plugin`**;

For more information, [**refer to the Infrastructure Plugin Fork documentation**](/en/).

## **Customizable Extensions**

StackSpot now offers **Customizable Extensions** in the EDP Portal, providing enhanced flexibility and integration with external tools. Here are the main features:

1. **Extension Creation**:
   - Create customizable extensions for your Organization or Workspace.
   - Upload **`.zip`** files, which will undergo security scanning.

2. **Activation and Deactivation**:
   - Extensions can be activated or deactivated directly within the Portal.

3. **Extension Editing**:
   - Edit the Name, Level, and Description, and replace the file as needed.
   - Please note that the extension slug cannot be changed after creation.

4. **Extension Deletion**:
   - Extensions can be deleted, including all associated versions.

5. **Viewing and Usage in Workspace**:
   - Active extensions can be viewed and utilized by members of the Organization.

6. **Integration with StackSpot EDP**:
   - To facilitate integration, use the library available on npm: [@stack-spot/portal-extension](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@stack-spot/portal-extension).


For more information, [**refer to the Account guide**](/en/home/account/guides/extensions) or [**the Workspace guide**](/en/home/workspace/visualize-extension).